Review 1 Summary: after an upgrade a tech expert came and messed up wiring and left with broadband not working. call centre staff are nice but not empowered so just apologise and can’t actually speak to any colleagues.
Review 2 Summary: i have hired BT Internet in December 2022, as it was very slow. I have upgraded to superfast broadband one month ago. they had to send an Engineer once per month because the internet stops working many times per day.
Review 3 Summary: i'm left in an area with poor phone connection so can't use my card machine so I'm losing sales. open reach visited and said too difficult. wayleave signed, 40 days after still no action.
Review 4 Summary: full fibre router isn't flexible enough to run around the walls indoors as a normal cable would. total rip off from BT as it seams the cable isn't flexible enough.
Review 5 Summary: two months to sort out moving broadband and phone line around a house move. over 15 hours spent on the phone to BT.Over 20 BT advisors spoken to.
Review 6 Summary: despite signing up for a dedicated line (which the pricepoint would indicate to be a premium service), we get fobbed off at every stage. if you take one piece of advice today, it would be to go elsewhere.
Review 7 Summary: i have fibre to the property but speed is from time to time a big issue. i waited 4.5 hours but they didn't turn up - no communication. Upon complaining they said they'd assessed the connection remotely and found no issue, but if that was correct they should still communicate.
Review 8 Summary: 'kindred spirit' older person, who i contacted at 8am this morning and 47 minutes later thought i had got some progress. this is after 6 weeks of absolute Hell!!.
Review 9 Summary: bc the last tenant did not transfer services at my address. called one hour later and they informed me that i could set up services. the CSR told me that I could have services by may 10th.
Review 10 Summary: i have been with BT for a number of years and recently my bill has gone up by 15%. despite them saying an email was sent my bill is now almost £50 a month. they are offering new customers £29.99 a month for faster broadband.
Review 11 Summary: i used uswitch to change to a lower price of £26pm from sky broadband. bt rang me to ask why i was leaving and offered me £25pm and an m&s gift card. after receiving no correspondence i get charged £40 for the next month's broadband.
Review 12 Summary: 1 star for ridiculous price hikes and bully-boy tactics by charging exorbitant amount to cancel. Alan Ward was nice and understanding, but couldn't have been a nicer bloke.
Review 13 Summary: i've been a customer with BT countless years and this is how they treat me, i'm 72 years old. Totally disgusted!!!
Review 14 Summary: i am not a direct customer of BT, but they are still the issue. for 6 months no connection, drops every twenty minutes. Horrible performance all around. the pair of wires that supply my signal literally fell apart when examined.
Review 15 Summary: BT can only dream of being completely useless. Useless would be a major improvement for them. it's difficult to see how their service could be any worse.
Review 16 Summary: i pay £20 for 50meg and 24/7 free calls. bt has been very reliable better than sky or virginSky. i had outages every 2 weeks last outage lasted 2 and half days.
Review 17 Summary: bt sport refuses to let you out a contract despite admitting picture quality isn't as it should be. customer care is horrendous, even when they admit the product is of a lesser standard than it should be.
Review 18 Summary: i pay my BT internet and phone by direct debit, my march bill was £70.99, April bill £87.99. i inquired about terminating my contract and was it would be £921, to terminate my contract. as a 75yr old pensioner on a fixed income i am now tied to this unreasonably Priced Contract until 4/10/2024.
Review 19 Summary: after waiting 9 months for a fibre appointment BT are yet again a no show 6 previous visits abd nothing got resolved. funnily enough they started billing us for an upgraded service.
Review 20 Summary: i rang up customer services to renew my contract and was confronted by the most disagreeable and rude person I have had the displeasure of talking to in a long time. also he lied and talked over me!
Review 21 Summary: I was taking my Broadband to another company when they called to get me to stay with them they gave me an offer for 24 months. they informed that it was for 24 months then in may the price went up when I called in they didn't care and told me that the price has gone up and I need to pay this.
Review 22 Summary: just got my recent bill £15 more than last month apparently 15% increase but extra 10% for previous month. my contract is up for review in august and i will be changing.
Review 23 Summary: aaron carroll: unless you get benefits you can't have cheaper broadband deals. carroll: this country is screwed, along with all people in WORK, people ARE DEFINITELY BETTER OF ON BENEFITS.
Review 24 Summary: after 7 attempts to upgrade my home to full fibre - their system kept crashing while creating the order. i had to alert them to wasting around 25 hours on the phone to them. they eventually said i would have to geto another provider and they would waive any charges.       
Review 25 Summary: i switched over to BT again as talktalk were ripping me off. but i got an email saying it will take even longer to transfer the service over. i now have to pay a higher rate with my previous supplier until the takeover.
Review 26 Summary: BT is Robbers Robbers RobbersUpdated my contract behind me. they can't send my that contract already 7 days because they don't have it.
Review 27 Summary: i was promised a call back from some manager that never called. the person I spoke to was incredibly rude and unprofessional. i have no idea how this company still functions given the incompetence on display.
Review 28 Summary: i tried to move our contract with BT to our new address and was told, yes, there is fibre in your new area and it should be a straightforward swap. 10 hours later with BT on numerous phone calls, they now tell me there is no fibre in my new area.
Review 29 Summary: ironic that they deal in communications but are USELESS at COMMUNICATING.
Review 30 Summary: the website in terms of customer support is woeful- takes ages to find what you require and no facility to cancel anything on line. they wanted my DD to increase to £129 from £75 so I cancelled BT Sport.
Review 31 Summary: BT your service appalling installation of new broadband and telephone. openreach engineer installed and left staying all working on his side.
Review 32 Summary: i will be cancelling my contract within 14 days of subscribing to the service. fortunately plenty others out there will value my custom.
Review 33 Summary: had BT Full fibre fitted yesterday. less than 24 hours later system breaks down due to an apparent external fault. no engineer available until next week.
Review 34 Summary: Purchased BT Broadband 18month contract through EE 23months ago. when contract expired 5 months ago i contacted EE, was misinformed. changed to Vodaphone but was still being billed by BT Feb 23!
Review 35 Summary: last month i rang BT to cancel my broadband and landline service. after the call I received an email stating that ALL my services including BT Mobile were being cancelled. a few days later i had an issue with the broadband and rang to confirm that it was still connected. today my broadband, landline AND MOBILE were turned off.
Review 36 Summary: i've been with BT for 14 years now and whilst it's been ok, the service has just gotten worse and worse over the years. my contract runs out in 40 days and i've notified them I'm leaving and never coming back.
Review 37 Summary: why do BT facilitate scammers to blight the lives of the general public? 01618435946 is today’s scam caller.
Review 38 Summary: a month of working on proposals we eventually made a deal!they cut all my business off for a week while transferring.
Review 39 Summary: i returned my kit at the end of February but it had not been processed. i spoke with multiple agents with no luck on getting this sorted. Lucy from early life (dundee based agent) was an absolute star.
Review 40 Summary: £39+ for phone and 1MBS! Internet doesn't work and the phone always has connection issues.
Review 41 Summary: our business landline is down so we contacted Plusnet, who offered us a temporary call divert until a BT Openworld engineer rectifies the problem. this was offered for free given customers contact us by phone to book. however, we tested the call divert and it didn't work! 
Review 42 Summary: my internet went down on Sunday, the first day they can look at it is Wednesday. this means I cannot watch Internet TV, work from home etc.
Review 43 Summary: a company milking inflation to increase their prices. increased their price by nearly 15%, shameful stuff.
Review 44 Summary: i'm a shareholder and i'm appalled at bt's lack of understanding of their customers. i thought virgin were poor but BT make them look exceptional. avoid BT they have no clue about service and offer a fragmented product.
Review 45 Summary: i have had to spend time calling BT to get a refund. if you want great prices, or good Customer service, don't choose BT.      
Review 46 Summary: i don't have words to express the contempt i have for BT's utterly useless service.Engineer arrives, leaves. Service falls over.Repeat, over, and over and over again.
Review 47 Summary: the engineer installing my full fibre broadband drilled through my heating pipe and flooded my lounge ruining my carpet and underlay. i rang BT and different call centre staff have told me it isn’t their responsibility.
Review 48 Summary: while we were on holiday in March they changed our broadband, but also decided I had cancelled my landline!! So we came back at the end of March to find we had no phone.
Review 49 Summary: my bills just increased by £20 a month, yet no change in service.....
Review 50 Summary: i moved over to BT from Vodafone, so far its been great. i actually get through to a British call center which is a God send. also got a package deal where i get 3 cordless home telephones for free.
Review 51 Summary: my payment day is on 3rd each month, called to cancel on 2 May, being told I need to pay for May and Jun, plus the 332. my payment day is on 3rd each month, called to cancel on 2 May, being told I need to pay for May and Jun.
Review 52 Summary: i am now paying £60 a month for fibre 300 with halo 3. asked if I could transfer to a cheaper contract even with less speed. they said no, absolutely no help at all and as my contract doesn’t finish till March 2024 I cannot cancel as it would cost me £224 penalty!!.       
Review 53 Summary: joined as a new customer and was told no engineer needed to visit. a few days later I was told an engineer would need to visit resulting in an unpaid day off work. a week later, four days off work and still no broadband.
Review 54 Summary: i was hoping they would be better than Vodafone but unfortunately there turning out to be far worse. luckily i am within the cancellation period.
Review 55 Summary: i pay almost £50 for a low basic connection of 32 Mpbs.
Review 56 Summary: charlatans offered me a package at a price 35% less than what I was paying. weeks later they realised they made a mistake and continued to charge me at the higher price.
Review 57 Summary: i have had terrible internet for over a year now and several engineers and open reach have been out and always told something different. even the engineer advised me to fight my case and cancel my contract as I am not getting the promised speed at all!
Review 58 Summary: i lost my broadband connection at 22:15 on the 27th April. i've had phone calls with bt customer service and an engineer. i now have to wait 5 days before I can get engineer out to my property.
Review 59 Summary: i'm truly shocked how BT can remain in business. if smart enough (will not hold my breath) can contact me.
Review 60 Summary: cnn's richard quest: i renewed my contract from April 2022 for 30 months at the price of 29.99. 13 months later, they increased the price 2 times and up to 37.74 due to inflation. quest: it is not a fair contract. think before you choose BT.
Review 61 Summary: amelia is one of the most ignorant people I have ever had to deal with. if you worked in my company you would have received your p45.
Review 62 Summary: just trying to get a second broadband line fitted to our offices and it's taken weeks. Absolute chaos 5 engineer visits and still hasn't been done.
Review 63 Summary: openreach changed broadband and phone to bt. the only thing we have gained is a fastish internet.
Review 64 Summary: engineers cancelling at last minute. Disks that don't work. Useless internet.
Review 65 Summary: ee is unable to transfer my numbers from bt to ee.
Review 66 Summary: so far my experience with BT has been 1st class. great customer service and although delay getting equipment no problem.       
Review 67 Summary: bt without authorization and with a fully paid bill cut our broadband,moblie, and landline. after 33 emails and telephone calls spanning 9.5 hours-BT still can't fix it.
Review 68 Summary: fibre broadband on universal credit is £20 a month with Sky. and they charge £28 a month for BT sport channels. thanks BT I'll never have rip off Sky again.
Review 69 Summary: jhh paid £11.95 for nowTV and then Netflix movies for the evening. BT broadband goes down again and again until we finally give up on football. jhh: i would be ok with such poor service if it were not for £79 per month.
Review 70 Summary: cnn's richard quest: people just love to moan when you've lived without internet. he says it's amazing how selfish, pampered and complaining the west is. quest: i ordered BT, was given a date of switchover, promised a new phone and router.
Review 71 Summary: we have been without broadband for a month, unfortunately i have never dealt with such a disorganised shambles of a company, broken promises and no chance of ever speaking to a manager. £5 per day compensation what a joke, do not use these cowboys.
Review 72 Summary: the person who answered my first concern was rude as he "sighed" i didn't even get to explain my other concern. i hope the call was recorded for training purposes.
Review 73 Summary: i contacted BT to cancel my contract as I got better deals elsewhere and their bills have become ridiculous for what they are providing. i spoke to two very rude ladies in the retentions team who weren't forthcoming with the dates I wanted for me to confidently proceed with the cancellation.
Review 74 Summary: i tried to arrange the transfer of my mother in law's phone line to the new address. i was told an engineer would call to do a survey of the premises prior to any installation date being given. three weeks ago i got an installation date from BT of the 2nd may. an engineer arrived as arranged but told us that there was no box fitted.
Review 75 Summary: Been paying between 40 to 50 last 3 years, and suddenly jump to 60.00 absolute F****g scam. Gave 3 year’s service for nothing, tried to offer me a 75p discount F****g joke.
Review 76 Summary: Puneet Nagpal turned a frustration into a fiver.
Review 77 Summary: i was put in touch with Has from the Manchester office. he was helpful, clear and gave me accurate information.
Review 78 Summary: i contacted BT as i was unhappy with the cost of the package. Ian got in touch today and has sorted it to a more manageable amount.
Review 79 Summary: i upgraded my home BT broadband broadband last month. i booked a date on the 27th of April for the engineer to come to install it. i've been waiting at home all day but no one came... I just lost a day's wages.
Review 80 Summary: if you have any other option than BT take it and save yourself hours of wasted time talking with some off-short helpline.      
Review 81 Summary: been a customer for 10 years and service was expensive but pretty good. but they have really let us down over our house move.  
Review 82 Summary: i have been a customer of BT’s for 30 years what a mistake. their customer service must be the worst of any large company.     
Review 83 Summary: if the option existed i would not give BT a single star. no reply by email to the email is enabled by BT. instead, BT give a response that fails to evidence any investigation has been even started.
Review 84 Summary: i recently cancelled my internet after around 15 months of being in this new property (39 months of having BT) as it just isn't value for money. as part of my cancellation i was charged £150 early cancellation fee which i rang up to contest and they apparently couldn't do anything about it. next thing you know Advantis debt collection letters are coming through the door as BT have sold on the Debt as they know it shouldn't have been charged.
Review 85 Summary: i've been a customer of BT for 14 years and here's my review. overall their broadband/mobile etc is good but I have decided to leave them when my contract ends due to the constant price increases. i have just received my new bill after their April increase and will be paying £27 a month extra for exactly the same thing.
Review 86 Summary: BT took our phoneline away while we were on holiday in march. they admitted it was their fault and agreed to pay me an amount. but because it was a lot!!(less then £180) had to be in 2 payments. then our phone number that we have had for 41 years, BT decided to disconnect.
Review 87 Summary: in three years my monthly payment has jumped from £43 to £79 for the same package. existing customers pay £50 for broadband that is £30 for new BT customers.
Review 88 Summary: i think their CEO Philip Jansen’s has an remuneration package of £3.5million.
Review 89 Summary: i've just moved home and thought I'd continue with BT for ease. it's now 1 month+ in the new house with no internet as BT keep telling me "it should be on by midnight"
e account, keeps saying wrong information.
Review 100 Summary: egineer waited weeks to get fibre connection and egineer turns up and says he only does copper connection. he has now wasted nearly a month to get this ordered.